OSDOCS-12470:updating system requirements and Getting started concept… (#84722)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-install-system-requirements.adoc

The following conditions must be met prior to installing {microshift-short}:

* A compatible version of {op-system-base-full}.For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_build_of_microshift/{ocp-version}/html/getting_ready_to_install_microshift/microshift-install-get-ready#get-ready-install-rhde-compatibility-table_microshift-install-get-ready[Compatibility table].
* AArch64 or x86_64 system architecture.
* 2 CPU cores.
* 2 GB RAM. Installing from the network (UEFI HTTPs or PXE boot) requires 3 GB RAM for {op-system-base}.
* 10 GB of storage.
* You have an active {microshift-short} subscription on your Red Hat account. If you do not have a subscription, contact your sales representative for more information.

> * When your workload requires Persistent Volumes (PVs), you have a Logical Volume Manager (LVM) Volume Group (VG) with sufficient free capacity for the workloads.

Reviewer: _When_ sounds like a reference to time. I don't think that is the case. 

```suggestion
* If your workload requires Persistent Volumes (PVs), you have a Logical Volume Manager (LVM) Volume Group (VG) with sufficient free capacity for the workloads.
```

Author: done

[NOTE]
====
These requirements are the minimum system requirements for {microshift-short} and {op-system-base-full}. Add the system requirements for the workload you plan to run.

> For example, if an IoT gateway solution requires 4 GB of RAM, your system needs to have at least 2GB for {op-system-base-full} and {microshift-short}, plus 4GB for the workloads. 6GB of RAM is required in total.

Reviewer: It took me a minute or 5 to figure it out, as I don't know what an IoT gateway solution is. But the workloads here are for the IoT gateway solution? Or is it 4 for the gateway, 2 for the {op-system-base-full} and {microshift-short}, **_and_** 4 more for workloads??  
```suggestion
For example, if an IoT gateway solution requires 4 GB of RAM, your system needs to have at least 2 GB for {op-system-base-full} and {microshift-short}, plus 4 GB for the workloads. 6 GB of RAM is required in total.
```

Author: done
